Mention jQuery.attr has changed in 1.7.7 (#737)
PrestaShop/docs: src/content/1.7/modules/core-updates/1.7.7.md

jQuery has been updated to 3.4.1 in Back office (up from 1.11 in legacy pages) and Core theme (up from 2.1.4).

**jQuery has changed a lot between v1.11 / v2.1.4 and v3.4.1. This is why [jquery migrate](https://github.com/jquery/jquery-migrate) was enabled in order to provide a layer of compatibility, but this does not preserve all jQuery capabilities for such old versions.**

Modules relying on these old capabilities may experience problems, including but not limited to:

* `context` property has been removed
* Using `dataType` in an ajax request won't trigger the `success` / `done` methods if the type of content returned does not match

> * `jQuery.attr()` behavior has evolved, `jQuery.prop()` should be used instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`jQuery.attr()` behavior has evolved](https://api.jquery.com/attr/), most of the time, you should use `jQuery.prop()` instead. 
```

Author: Nice suggestion, I applied it 👍
